// NAME adjective [and the rest is the description]

>> GENDER
MAN Male A man.
WOMAN Female A woman.
SOMETHING_ELSE Other A person of not-immediately-apparent gender.

>> RACE
HUMAN Human A versatile folk tending to rise between 5 and 6 feet in height. They are the most common race in Redport, and in the Kingdom of Kayland as a whole.
ELF Elvish Long-lived, tall and trim, and with iconic pointed ears, this race is more widespread in the Southern countries, but they are the original inhabitants of Heren.
HALF-ELF Half-Elven Whether or not they are strictly 50% elvish, this common genetic makeup implies a mixed heritage with a much higher prominence of elvish than other influences. This can be the offspring of a single human and elvish parent, but there are communities in Kayland's southeast entirely made up of "half-elves" as a natural result of the shared ancestry of the region.
DWARF Dwarven Stocky and strong, this relatively short race (seldom rising over five feet) is quite rare, most of their kin bred into the newer human race long ago. They often live in very small communities in the cities, or more often in remote villages in the untamed northern wilds where they keep their traditional ways.
ORC Orcish Generally rising from six to seven feet in height and known to be of an aggressive temperament, this tall, strongly-built, and green or orange-skinned race is feared and often reviled in civilized communities. Once spread across what is now Kayland, all but one of their tribes is now confined to the Northern Wilds.

>> CLASS
FIGHTER Fighter Those trained in traditional military or martial combat, they use strength and skill to dispatch their foes.
MAGE Spellcasting Those who by a mixture of study and talent wield arcane energies to both perform mundane tasks, dispatch enemies, and accomplish feats impossible by strength alone.

>> NATIONALITY
Kayland Kaylish This person hails from the kingdom of Kayland, a feudal kingdom dominating the Northern half of the continent. Its citizens tend to be fair-skinned.
Siddaér Siddaeric This person hails from the kindgdom of Siddaér, a prosperous, desert country that controls the southern half of the continent. Its citizens tend to have light brown skin.
Tulyra Tulyran This person hails from Tulyra, a stagnant and isolationist Elvish country that is all that remains of the Old Empire that once dominated this continent. Its citizens tend to be tan.
Dashi Dashiite This person hails from the mega-city of Dashi, a maritime country that controls the eponymous peninsula across the gulf. Its people are kin to those of the Island Kingdoms much more so than the other peoples of Heren. Its citizens tend to have darker brown skin.
Bamvaso Bamvasan This person hails from the Bamvaso, a microcontinent just south of the southern tip of Heren. Its people are fiercely independent, and are bitter rivals with the Siddaers to their north. Its citizens tend to have very dark skin.
